[Pagination] Document difference with TablePagination (#21107)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/pagination/pagination.md

{{"demo": "pages/components/pagination/UsePagination.js"}}

## Table pagination

The `Pagination` component was designed to paginate a list of arbitrary items when infinite loading isn't used.
It's preferred in contexts where SEO is important, for instance, a blog.

> For the pagination of a large set of tabular data, you will find a different component: the `TablePagination`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the pagination of a large set of tabular data, you should use the `TablePagination` component.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/pagination/UsePagination.js"}}

## Table pagination

The `Pagination` component was designed to paginate a list of arbitrary items when infinite loading isn't used.
It's preferred in contexts where SEO is important, for instance, a blog.

For the pagination of a large set of tabular data, you will find a different component: the `TablePagination`.

{{"demo": "pages/components/pagination/TablePagination.js"}}

> You can learn more about this use case in the [table section](https://material-ui.com/components/tables/#custom-pagination-options) of the documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can learn more about this use case in the [table section](/components/tables/#custom-pagination-options) of the documentation.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
